# Git Practice
A simple project to practice a few git/github workflows.  Replace the contents of this file with the contents indicated in the [instructions](./instructions.md).

# Five Myths of Testing by a Software QA (https://medium.com/cermati-tech/five-myths-of-testing-by-a-software-qa-27edb179fad)
This article debunked some commonly held myths about the work that software QAs do. The myth that stuck out to me was that Automated testing is more powerful than manual testing. I've experienced firsthand automation testing failures that can happen; for my internship I had to write a script to validate servers and when we automated that process we were getting a lot of unexplained errors, servers that were active were being shown as inactive, but when I checked the state the servers were in it differed from the results of the automated validation. There was a bug in the application that was validating the servers. The other myth that I found interesting was the fourth one: QA specialists aren't needed, developers can do their own testing. Coming up with test cases and edge cases is difficult because not all people think the same way, there could be different test cases that different people come up with which is why QA specialists in addition to developers can work together to test an application and have that testing be well rounded. 


# Comments by Kevin Ho, kh2576
One thing I found interesting was the part about automated QA testing being superior to human testing a myth. I would agree that for nuanced details and a general user experience specific to the product in hand, human testing thus far has no replacement in AI. However, there must be parts of commonality between several different applications that automated QA testing can contribute to. 